“Math is my Passion. Engineering is my Profession.” — Wilfred James Dolor
“I have not failed, but found 1000 ways to not make a light bulb.” — 
“The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.” — Leonardo da Vinci
“We shape our buildings, thereafter they shape us.” — 
“Scientists study the world as it is, engineers create the world that never has been.” — Theodore von Karman
“The engineer has been, and is, a maker of history.” — James Kip Finch
“Knowing there is a structure, hidden or felt, to the random gives pleasure.” — Cecil Balmond
“One man’s “magic” is another man’s engineering. “Supernatural” is a null word.” — Robert A. Heinlein
“Science is about knowing; engineering is about doing.” — Henry Petroski
“Engineers have more words for screwing up than the Inuit have words for snow.” — Pierce Nichols
“Engineers like to solve problems. If there are no problems handily available, they will create their own problems. — Scott Adams
“The problem in this business isn’t to keep people from stealing your ideas; its making them steal your ideas!” — Howard Aiken
“Any idiot can build a bridge that stands, but it takes an engineer to build a bridge that barely stands.” — Unknown
“A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.” — Douglas Adams
“Normal people believe that if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. Engineers believe that if it ain’t broke, it doesn’t have enough features yet.” — Scott Adams
“To the optimist, the glass is half full. To the pessimist, the glass is half empty. To the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be. — Unknown
“An engineer is someone who is good with figures, but doesnt have the personality of an accountant.” — An Arts graduates view of engineers
“Architects and engineers are among the most fortunate of men since they build their own monuments with public consent, public approval and often public money.” — John Prebble
“An engineer is someone who washes his hands before going to the toilet.” — UnknownMotivational engineering quotes
“Strive for perfection in everything you do. Take the best that exists and make it better. When it does not exist, design it.” — Sir Henry Royce
“The trick to having good ideas is not to sit around in glorious isolation and try to think big thoughts. The trick is to get more parts on the table.” — Steven Johnson
Kobak explained, The way you learn anything is that something fails, and you figure out how not to have it fail again.” — Robert S. Arrighi
“There’s nothing I believe in more strongly than getting young people interested in science and engineering, for a better tomorrow, for all humankind.” — Bill Nye
“What we usually consider as impossible are simply engineering problems… there’s no law of physics preventing them.” — Michio Kaku
“I take the vision which comes from dreams and apply the magic of science and mathematics, adding the heritage of my profession and my knowledge of natures materials to create a design.” — Unknown
“Engineering is quite different from science. Scientists try to understand nature. Engineers try to make things that do not exist in nature. Engineers stress invention.” — Yuan-Cheng Fung
“Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.” — Antoine de Saint-Exupery
“When you want to know how things really work, study them when they’re coming apart.” — William Gibson
“Engineering is not only study of 45 subjects but it is moral studies of intellectual life.” — Prakhar Srivastav
“Projects we have completed demonstrate what we know  future projects decide what we will learn.” — Dr. Mohsin Tiwana
“The most important thing is to keep the most important thing the most important thing.” — Donald P. Coduto
“There is no demand for women engineers, as such, as there are for women doctors; but there’s always a demand for anyone who can do a good piece of work.” — Edith Clarke
“The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong, it usually turns out to be impossible to get at and repair.” — Douglas Adams
“One has to watch out for engineers  they begin with the sewing machine and end up with the atomic bomb.” — Marcel Pagnol
“I’ve never seen a job being done by a five-hundred-person engineering team that couldn’t be done better by fifty people.” — C. Gordon Bell
“First rule of engineering; beware prototypes. Along with, avoid anything made by an engineer who doesnt have all his own fingers.” — Simon R. Green
“Manufacturing is more than just putting parts together. It’s coming up with ideas, testing principles and perfecting the engineering as well as final assembly. — James Dyson
“It is hardly surprising that the malodorous field of garbology has not attained the popularity of rocket science, oil exploration, or brain surgery.” — Hans Y. Tammemagi
“I don’t spend my time pontificating about high-concept things; I spend my time solving engineering and manufacturing problems.” — 
“A good scientist is a person with original ideas. A good engineer is a person who makes a design that works with as few ideas as possible. There are no prima donnas in engineering.” — Freeman Dyson
“It is exciting to discover electrons and figure out the equations that govern their movement; it is boring to use those principles to design electric can openers. From here on out, its all can openers.” — Neal Stephenson
“Aeroplanes are not designed by science, but by art in spite of some pretence and humbug to the contrary. I do not mean to suggest that engineering can do without science, on the contrary, it stands on scientific foundations, but there is a big gap between scientific research and the engineering product which has to be bridged by the art of the engineer.” — British Engineer to the Royal Aeronautical Society, 1922.
“ A great bridge is a great monument which should serve to make known the splendour and genius of a nation; one should not occupy oneself with efforts to perfect it architecturally, for taste is always susceptible to change, but to conserve always in its form and decoration the character of solidity which is proper.” — Jean Peronnet
“Engineering problems are under-defined, there are many solutions, good, bad and indifferent. The art is to arrive at a good solution. This is a creative activity, involving imagination, intuition and deliberate choice.”
“Engineering refers to the practice of organizing the design and construction [and, I would add operation] of any artifice which transforms the physical world around us to meet some recognized need.” — G.F.C. Rogers
“Engineering  to define rudely but not inaptly, is the art of doing that well with one dollar, which any bungler can do with two after a fashion.” — Arthur Mellen Wellington
“From the laying out of a line of a tunnel to its final completion, the work may be either a series of experiments made at the expense of the proprietors of the project, or a series of judicious applications of the results of previous experience.” — H.S. Drinker
“Go for civil engineering, because civil engineering is the branch of engineering which teaches you the most about managing people. Managing people is a skill which is very, very useful and applies almost regardless of what you do.” — Sir John Harvey Jones
“No doubt as years go by people forget which engineer did it, even if they ever knew. Or some politician puts his name on it. Or they credit it to some promoter who used other peoples money with which to finance it. But the engineer himself looks back at the unending stream of goodness that flows from his successes with satisfactions that few professions may know. And the verdict of his fellow professionals is all the accolade he wants.” — Herbert Hoover
“When engineers and quantity surveyors discuss aesthetics and architects study what cranes do we are on the right road.” — Ove Arup
“Engineering stimulates the mind.” — Bruce Dickinson
“Architecture begins where engineering ends.” — Walter Gropius
“The scientist discovers a new type of material or energy and the engineer discovers a new use for it.” — Gordon Lindsay Glegg
“Art Nouveau got its inspiration from nature. The Bauhaus got its inspiration from engineering.” — P. J. ORourke
“A country without engineering skill and knowledge will never become a developed country.” — Mahathir Mohamad
“In nature, there is no separation between design, engineering, and fabrication; the bone does it all.” — Neri Oxman
“At its heart, engineering is about using science to find creative, practical solutions. It is a noble profession.” — Queen Elizabeth II
“We will always have STEM with us. Some things will drop out of the public eye and will go away, but there will always be science, engineering, and technology. And there will always, always be mathematics.” — Katherine Johnson
“To make an embarrassing admission, I like video games. Thats what got me into software engineering when I was a kid. I wanted to make money so I could buy a better computer to play better video games  nothing like saving the world.” — 
“With genetic engineering, we will be able to increase the complexity of our DNA, and improve the human race. But it will be a slow process, because one will have to wait about 18 years to see the effect of changes to the genetic code.” — 
“The fewer moving parts, the better. Exactly. No truer words were ever spoken in the context of engineering.” — Christian Cantrell
“The world would be a better place if more engineers, like me, hated technology. The stuff I design, if I’m successful, nobody will ever notice. Things will just work, and be self-managing.”<br>— Radia Pearlman
The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result. He does not expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter  for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way. He lives and labors and hopes.” — 
“I am, and ever will be, a white-socks, pocket-protector, nerdy engineer, born under the second law of thermodynamics, steeped in steam tables, in love with free-body diagrams, transformed by Laplace and propelled by compressible flow.” — Neil Armstrong
“When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.” — R. Buckminster Fuller
“The engineer is a mediator between the philosopher and the working mechanic and, like an interpreter between two foreigners must understand the language of both, hence the absolute necessity of possessing both practical and theoretical knowledge.” — Henry Palmer
&nbsp;“At that time (1909) the chief engineer was almost always the chief test pilot as well. That had the fortunate result of eliminating poor engineering early in aviation.” — Igor Sikorsky
“If not for the compulsions of engineers, mankind would never have seen the wheel, settling instead for the trapezoid because some Neanderthal in marketing convinced everybody it had great braking ability.” — Scott Adams
“You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.” — Buckminster Fuller
“Improvement makes strait roads: but the crooked roads without improvement are roads of genius.” — William Blake
“A good engineer thinks in reverse and asks himself about the stylistic consequences of the components and systems he proposes.” ― Helmut Jahn
“You see, my ambition was not to confound the engineering world but simply to create a beautiful piece of art.” ― Kit Williams
“Engineering is the art of directing the great sources of power in nature for the use and convenience of man.” ― Thomas Tredgold
“The life work of the engineer consists in the systematic application of natural forces and the systematic development of natural resources in the service of man.” ― Harry Walter Tyler
“A scientist can discover a new star but he cannot make one. He would have to ask an engineer to do it for him.” ― Gordon Lindsay Glegg
“The history of engineering is really the history of breakages, and of learning from those breakages. I was taught at college the engineer learns most on the scrapheap.” ― C.A. Claremont
“Scientists investigate that which already is, Engineers create that which has never been.” ― Albert Einstein
“Engineering is the professional and systematic application of science to the efficient utilization of natural resources to produce wealth. ― Theodore Jesse Hoover
“Engineering is the art and science of nuts and bolts.” ― Haresh Sippy
“Science can amuse and fascinate us all, but it is engineering that changes the world.” ― Isaac Asimov

